KrCruise1 Website
Template Report
DATE: October 29, 2024
COURSE TITLE: Web Development
STUDENT’S NAME: [Your Name Here]

HTML Structure
HTML Tags and Their Purposes:

<!DOCTYPE html>: Declares the document type as HTML5, ensuring the browser renders it correctly.
<html lang="en">: The root element, indicating the document's language is English.
<head>: Contains metadata, links to stylesheets, and scripts that are not directly displayed on the page.
<meta charset="UTF-8">: Sets the character encoding to UTF-8, supporting various characters.
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">: Ensures the webpage is responsive on different devices.
<title>KrCruise</title>: Defines the title of the webpage, displayed in the browser tab.
<body>: Encloses the main content of the webpage.
<header>: Contains the website's logo and navigation menu for easy access to different sections.
<main>: The main content area that features various sections like booking confirmation and about information.
<footer>: Provides copyright information and links to social media platforms.
Key HTML Elements in the Body:

Navigation Menu: Provides links to Home, About, and Contact sections for easy navigation.
Booking Confirmation Section: Displays booking details like destination, location, and total price, including a share option 
for WhatsApp.
About Section: Offers a brief description of KrCruise and its services, accompanied by a relevant image.
CSS Styling
Inline Styles vs. Custom CSS:

Inline Styles: The CSS is primarily defined within a <style> tag in the <head>. This includes custom styles tailored to enhance the 
aesthetic appeal and functionality of the website.
body: General styling for the body, including font family, background color, and line height.
header: Styles for the header section, including background color and text alignment.
.confirmation: Styling for the booking confirmation section, with background color, padding, and shadow effects to create a card-like 
appearance.
Media Queries: Used to ensure responsiveness across various devices, adjusting layout and styles for smaller screens.
JavaScript Functionality
Key Variables:

destination: Stores the selected cruise destination from local storage.
location: Holds the location of the cruise.
price: Contains the total price of the booking.
images: An object mapping destination names to their corresponding image URLs.
Functions:
document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', ...): Sets up event listeners and initializes booking details upon loading the page.
whatsappShare: Generates a WhatsApp share link based on the booking details, allowing users to easily share their confirmation.
updateBookingDetails(): Retrieves and displays booking information from local storage, including the destination name, location, and
total price.

Summary of Features
User-Friendly Interface: The website has a clean layout, making navigation intuitive for users.
Responsive Design: The use of media queries ensures the site looks good on various devices, enhancing user experience.
Interactive Elements: The booking confirmation section allows users to share details on WhatsApp, adding a social component to the
booking experience.
Information-Rich Content: Each section contains valuable information that helps users make informed decisions about their cruise options.
Conclusion
The KrCruise website effectively combines HTML for structure, CSS for styling, and JavaScript for interactivity, creating a functional
and attractive platform for cruise bookings. The design focuses on user experience, ensuring that users can easily find information,
make bookings, and share their experiences. Future enhancements could include adding more interactive features, improving accessibility, 
and expanding the range of available destinations.
